https://punchng.com/delta-council-boss-mobilises-security-operatives-to-feuding-community/Dele Ogunyemi 
Published 13 January 2022

Security operatives have been mobilised into Ugbuwangue community in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State where skirmishes erupted among Hausa traders and the host community on Monday night.
The PUNCH gathered that the security men were given the mandate to arrest anyone engaging in unlawful practices in the community.
The move, according to the chairman of Warri South Local Government, Dr. Michael Tidi, was an aftermath of the recent misunderstanding that resulted in skirmishes between Ugbuwangue community and Hausa traders in the area on Monday night.
Addressing journalists on Wednesday shortly after a joint security meeting comprising security personnel, representatives of Ugbuwangue community, and the Hausa traders, the Local Government chairman vowed to deal ruthlessly with miscreants in the area. 
He noted that Ugbuwangue has always been known as a peaceful community, but lamented that some miscreants in the community were trying to give the community a bad name.
He insisted that henceforth anyone caught trying to cause a crisis in the community will be dealt with according to the law.
He, therefore, called on the people of Ugbuwangue community and the Hausa traders to maintain peace in the community, stressing that security men have been directed to move into the community and arrest any one engaging in unlawful practices in the area.









 Read Also Police confirm three dead in Delta church building collapsePolice nab suspected armed robber, recover stolen car in DeltaSacked Okowa's aide begs for forgiveness 
The council boss advised youths in Ugbuwangue community to stop spreading false news on social media.
He also urged all residents doing legitimate businesses in Ugbuwangue community to go about their normal business but warned those engaging in illicit businesses to vacate the community as the big hand of the law will soon catch up with them.
Representatives of both Ugbuwangue community and the Hausa traders at the end of the meeting, resolved to maintain peace and order in Ugbuwangue community.
Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]