https://punchng.com/gombe-community-accuses-reps-member-usman-kumo-of-marginalisation/Chima Azubuike 
Published 13 January 2022

Gona emirate in Akko local government area of Gombe state has accused the member of the Federal House of Representatives representing Akko federal constituency, Usman Kumo, of neglecting his constituents.
Speaking on Wednesday on behalf of the Gona constituents, Idris Abubakar noted that Gona emirate is one of the three emirates within the representation of Kumo.
In a statement, Abubakaralleged that the lawmaker in his recent distribution of empowerment items in December meted out injustice to constituents in Gona emirate.
According to him, “The house of representatives member gave out three cars, 15 motorcycles in Pindiga emirate and three cars and 10 motorcycles in Kumo emirate while his Gona emirate got only one car without bikes.” 
“The National Assembly member in addition to the vehicles, doled out huge sums of money in the two emirates but gave a sum of only N800,000 in Gona.”
Abubakar revealed that this transpired despite the numerical strength of the emirate, adding that Gona has the highest number of voters who represents 44.4 percent against the two others that share the remaining 55.6 percent. Read Also Gombe APC suspends former Reps member BarambuGombe gov swears in new acting Chief JudgeNEDC donates 944 vials of anti-snake venoms to Gombe treatment centre 
“The number of voters according to the last 2019 polls, Akko had 209, 183 voters representing 44.4 percent, Kumo 70, 725 equivalent to 33.8 percent and Pindiga 45, 612 voters which is equal to 21.8 percent respectively,” Abubakar added.









Efforts made to reach the Kumo proved abortive as at the time of filing this report.
Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]