https://punchng.com/ondo-mourns-as-boy-falls-dies-in-school/Peter Dada 
Published 13 January 2022

The Ondo State Government has condoled the family of pastor Joshua Ojo over the death of their son, Emmanuel, who lost his life while playing in school.
Ojo, 16, a Junior Secondary School three pupil of CAC Grammar School, Akure, the state capital, was said to have fallen and hit his head on a concrete floor while playing on the school premises on Tuesday.
He was said to have been immediately rushed by the management of the school to the University of Medical Science Teaching Hospital, Akure, but he was pronounced dead on arrival.
This was contained in a statement issued by the Information Officer of the state Ministry of Education Science and Technology, Mr Olaoluwa Meshack on Wednesday. 
The statement said the state Commissioner for Education, Mr Olufemi Agagu, and some other government officials paid a condolence visit to the family of the deceased.
According to the statement, Agagu urged the family to take solace in God, believing that Him alone knows the appointed time for every being on earth. Read Also Suspected ritualist slumps, dies in Ondo police custodyBandits kidnap church members during vigil in OndoOndo civil servant bags seven-year imprisonment for stealing N7m 
The statement read, “Mr. Agagu said the state government, particularly, the state Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, was really pained by the death of the student, Master Emmanuel Ojo, and urged the parents to accept the situation as the will of God at the moment, though painful.









“The commissioner also sympathized with the management and students of CAC Grammar School, Akure, and urged them to take consolation in God as the only giver and taker of life, emphasising that there are occurrences that are beyond human comprehension.”
It added that the father of the deceased, Pastor Joshua Ojo, described the incident as a cruel blow of fate on the family, but said he could not query God why He allowed it to happen to him.
Copyright PUNCH.All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]